"I am Yücel and 33 years old , I came from Turkey and have been living in Switzerland since February 2022. 
 I have been following IT courses for about one year. 
I started the Blockchain Developer course in November and just completed it.

I have been attending the German course since December. I am currently at B1 level and the course will end in September. 
I also study to improve my English language skills.
Powercoders helps people by providing new opportunities and I am very excited to have been chosen for the next step. 
I am fast learner, I am ambitious and determined, I can work in a team, I am adaptable and adapt quickly. If I talk about my own mood, I can say that I am very highly motivated and ready to achieve greater success.

-----------------------------

I am 33 years old. I was born in Turkey in 1989. After high school, I studied at the Police Academy and graduated. I worked as a police chief for 4 years. I worked in the departments of security, anti- drugs and terrorism. After the coup attempt in Turkey in 2016, I was dismissed from my job because I was an opponent of the government. I was in prison for 2 years. I was released in 2018. I was released on condition. After that It was very difficult for me to find a job. Nobody wanted to give me a job because I was a dissident.

I applied for many jobs and I got into a cosmetics company as an assistant accountant. The firm was new and I did most of the technical work. Installation and integration of computer systems, integration of camera systems, following of bank transactions.. I was fired in 2020 on the grounds of economic difficulties. I continued to search for a job for a while.
Later, I worked as a driver in a food factory. I decided to open my own shop here and opened a cig köfte shop in 2021. My business was going well here, but my case was approved and then it was a difficult decision but I decided to leave Turkey.

I had to leave my home, my family, my 1 year old daughter. Firstly I came to Greece and then to Switzerland. I applied for asylum here. And now I had to choose a new profession, for the rest of my life, for my family, for a better future.
  i thought what i can do and what i like to do, I like to spend time with the computer, I like to discover, research, learn and apply new things.While I was the chief of police, I was using some computer programs. These were generally information scanning, data analysis programs. For this reason, I decided that I could work in the field of IT and started to learn lessons on the Internet. However, I wanted to get a certificate in this field and met a company that trains Blockchain developers. In November 2022, I started a Blockchain Developer course at a company called Ustech Academy. The course ended last June and I submitted my final project, NFT Marketplace, and am waiting to receive my certificate.

since December 2022 I have been taking a German course at LinguaNova . I am currently at B1 level and my course will end in September. I'm available after that.

I am married, my wife is a math teacher. I have a two and a half year old daughter. I like playing basketball, swimming and spending time with my family, walking, traveling, watching movies.

----------------------------



1- Why do you want to participate in Powercoders?

Powercodersis a job integration program for reffugees.  Powercoders helps people by help them meet the technology industry and help people who have career goals.

I am refugees in hier and i am new to software development. i want to make a careerin software development. obviouslyit is a very good opportunity for me. so i want to participate in PC.
--------------------------------

2-What are you good at and why should Powercoders select you? What Are Your Greatest Strengths?

When I decided to work in the IT field about 1 year ago, I did not know what to do and how to work. I also had to learn the language because I was in a new country. I decided and started to work steadily. 

Today I know many programming languages, html, css, javascript, react js, solidity, smart contratcs, apart from these, I know blockchain technology. Also, my German is at B1 level. Of course, I continue to study. I can learn quickly, I can adapt. I can work both individually and as part of a team. And of course, I always keep my motivation at the top.
-----------------------

3- What Do You Consider to Be Your Weaknesses? What are your weak points? What do you do to overcome them?


Of course, I also have weaknesses as a human being. I think it would be easier to explain this with an example. For example, I have a self-confidence problem especially since I came to Switzerland. Because I'm starting my life from scratch, a new language, a new culture and most importantly, finding a job.. these scared me. However, in order to overcome these fears, I tried to learn German quickly, I tried to talk to people more and get to know the society, and I decided to find a job and work to get involved in social life as soon as possible.

These decisions made me work harder and put more effort into it. As a result, as I achieved new things, my self-confidence started to increase.
--------------------------

4-Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
-------------------------------------
5- What Is Your Greatest Professional Achievement? What are you proud of? Please tell us about any personal or professional achievement you're proud of, any project or volunteering you've completed, etc.


When I was preparing for university exams after high school, I decided to become an engineer. I also applied for the police academy exam and had to pass the tests. this was difficult to achieve because they were going to take 200 people and the applicant was around 5,000. and I qualified to study at the police academy. I think it was a really big success for me.

  After graduating from school, I worked as a police chief. Meanwhile, I participated in projects for the children of low-income families. We made city trips with the children, we organized different activities with their teachers, I talked to their families and tried to help them with their problems. We used to organize this organization every year and I continued until I left the job.
-------------------------------

6- Tell Me About a Challenge or Conflict You've Faced at Work, and How You Dealt With It. Can you talk about a challenge you had?

I haven't thought of a special case regarding this, but when I encounter a problem, I usually consult managers who are more experienced and knowledgeable than me. I think they have faced similar problems and found a solution. This also affects my communication positively.

-------------


7-What will be the biggest challenge you will face if you are selected for Powercoders?


I think it is a difficult situation to be able to do a job and to find stability in that job. Of course, being chosen for powercoders is not easy either. 

however, after being selected, I must continue to work strongly and steadily. I have to prepare very well for interviews with companies end of bootcamp. When I meet the company officials in the interviews, they should say that yes, exactly the applicant we want.

---------------------

8-How do you spend your day? Can you talk a little bit?
9-Tell Me About a Time You Made a Mistake.
10- Have you made any mistakes lately?
11-What do you do to improve your English?
12-How did you hear about Powercoders?
13-Have you applied to Powercoders before?
14-Do you have any experience or skills in IT? This can be both, online or in person (University,further education) classes or professional experience                                                                                                                                        15 What is your job or what was your last job? What do you like and dislike about your job?
16-How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?
17 What is your dream job? What type of work environment do you prefer?
18- How have you recently improved your skills (last 1-3 years)? What have you done to improve your skills, knowledge in the last year?
19- What are you interested in outside of work?
20- Which barriers do you currently face to get a job in Switzerland?
21-Please describe what efforts (job applications, scholarships) you have recently made to get a job / education in Switzerland.
22- Why are you trying to lead in the IT area?
23 What do you know about this organization?
24- Are you a team player?
25- Has anything ever irritated you about people you've worked with?